asking the public what is LinkedIn do
you know what LinkedIn is not really
it's like Facebook for businesses no I
I'm at work in a minute by oh fair play
cheers LinkedIn yeah no you heard of
LinkedIn who LinkedIn no not heard of it
no uh I've heard of LinkedIn is a some
sort
of company that gets you uh introduced
or something like that to business and
stuff like that oh the website where you
form your CV whatever I do and I really
don't care oh you don't care for it oh
fair play cheers it's um a social media
where you can Link and Link with other
business people and uh yeah I asked the
public how should businesses use
LinkedIn I don't know uh well usually
it's for like advertising like your own
personal personal achievements showing
what you're doing at the minute um
seeing what everybody else is doing in
the business and stuff like that
guessing yeah references yeah the
references they should follow up with
the references and everything okay to
make contact actually business contact
yeah found suppliers found um anything
you need to run your business go I asked
the public what makes a terrible website
we just say literacy literacy yeah
that's a good one too many ads yeah
definitely someone who gives like false
information like you'll you'll be
expecting that and they really bad
navigate round you know you it doesn't
show you where you're going what you're
looking for what you're trying to find
yeah any government website oh really
DBL or something like that yeah or the
hmrc one definitely car tax website and
hmrc websites they're just all generic
useless you click through the links and
it keeps on sending you round and round
in circles companies who haven't got
that much budget that they try and do it
themselves and they try and I you know
do it nicely but they can't do it so
it's very hard to understand of navigate
round so they they're losing customers
by not having that little bit of
expertise I asked the public what makes
a great website
colors yeah yeah colors and branding
yeah anything else low
prices easily accessible you know nice
buttons nice easily laid out quite
interactive as well like you know uh and
good good clearly laid out information
as well well they are very responsive
like responsive when you when they put J
there and you apply they call you and
they like they follow up with their
jobs to be honest I wouldn't know
content like yeah what is it about first
of all yeah you know you got to present
that and be clear about it I couldn't
really answer that cuz I don't use
websites oh
that's clear clear design clear design
yeah um what else uh
functionality that's a good question I
haven't found my way after many years to
be honest because it keep changing so
fast and everyone is got his own ideas
on how to design and how I think most
important it's got to be simple and um
and obviously because um we knew modern
times everyone is mobile phone mobile
phone maybe first thing should be like
adaptable to a mobile phone view
interesting colorful something that
jumps out you yeah sound like that great
website um um the name
like if it's got like a catchy slog I
like it it needs like iteration and
title and stuff and obviously depend
also kind of business you're
running something that brings the
audience in I don't know something
interesting new I don't know I don't
know something that kind of like shows
people that it's useful I asked the
public how do you research things before
buying reviews reviews definitely
YouTube Google YouTube and Google just
look at other websites see if the prices
are lower depends what it is depends on
what I'm investing in if it's something
I know a brand I know already I'll be
confident if it's a new say
holiday I would check you know whether
it's after is it approved and things
like that reviews probably yeah reviews
online
reviews Google it yeah me where I'll
Google everything the first all you want
to research to compare prices really and
see if you're doing a
and we just go Google and found out
what's the best price quality reviews
and definitely yeah you you you you you
search for before you buy anything I
think we all do that now is it yeah yeah
yeah I asked the public how quickly
should a salesperson reach out after
making an inquiry on a website well
that's a bit dated because we got Ai and
everything's automatic now actual
human 12 hours less than that
um we been an hour for an
hour if they took longer what would you
think of the company not very much yeah
within 12 hours they normally get back
quite quickly yeah would you put a time
limit on what you would say is
acceptable to be honest within that day
I have thought Sumer busy yeah within
the same
day same yeah